---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rhsm_cloud_access Data Source - rhsm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source to look up information about cloud providers entitled to Red Hat Cloud Access.
---

# rhsm_cloud_access (Data Source)

Data source to look up information about cloud providers entitled to Red Hat Cloud Access.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "rhsm_cloud_access" "ca" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `enabled_accounts` (Attributes List) A list where each entry is a single cloud provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--enabled_accounts))

<a id="nestedatt--enabled_accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enabled_accounts`

Read-Only:

- `accounts` (Attributes List) A list of cloud accounts that are enabled for cloud access in the cloud provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--enabled_accounts--accounts))
- `name` (String) The name of the cloud provider.
- `products` (Attributes List) A list of products that are entitled to the cloud provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--enabled_accounts--products))
- `short_name` (String) An abreviation of the cloud provider name. Used when adding or removing accounts.

<a id="nestedatt--enabled_accounts--accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enabled_accounts.accounts`

Read-Only:

- `date_added` (String) The date the account was added to cloud access.
- `gold_image_status` (Attributes List) The status of any requests for gold image access for a cloud account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--enabled_accounts--accounts--gold_image_status))
- `id` (String) The id of the cloud account.
- `nickname` (String) A nickname associated with the cloud account.
- `source_id` (String) Source ID of linked account. Only for accounts created via Sources on cloud.redhat.com.
- `verified` (Boolean) Is the cloud provider account verified for RHSM Auto Registration?

<a id="nestedatt--enabled_accounts--accounts--gold_image_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enabled_accounts.accounts.gold_image_status`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the gold image.
- `name` (String) The name of the gold image.
- `status` (String) The status of the gold image request.



<a id="nestedatt--enabled_accounts--products"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enabled_accounts.products`

Read-Only:

- `enabled_quantity` (Number) The quantity of subscriptions allowed to be consumed by the cloud provider.
- `image_groups` (List of String) A list of images associated with the cloud provider. These are used when requesting access to gold images for a cloud account.
- `name` (String) The name of the product.
- `next_renewal` (String) The renewal date of the subscription.
- `sku` (String) The SKU of the product.
- `total_quantity` (Number) The total number of subscriptions of the product available.
